Before you distribute your template, you should test it out.
Just try to play with your slides and layouts a little bit.
For example, create one slide for each slide layout.
Put different types of content into the slides, for example, charts, tables, shapes, lines and
text boxes to check if you like their default style.
Also, check out if theme colors and fonts are assigned correctly to those elements.
Review Slide Master and layout names.
Make sure that the names are consistent and have no spelling mistakes.
Use the F5 keyboard shortcut to turn on the Slide Show.
It allows you to see what your audience will see and helps you to catch any potential mistakes like wrong
alignment,
for example.
It will also help you to check the legibility of fonts and visibility for text, logos and images.
As the last thing, you might also create a PDF or print your slides.